# Timer

TODO

Compiling 5 files (.ex)
generating module Elixir.DatapointsSchema.MessagePayload.DpWrite
generating module Elixir.TimerSchema.MessagePayload.Activate
generating module Elixir.TestUserSchema.MessagePayload.Activate
generating module Elixir.TimerSchema.MessagePayload.Create
generating module Elixir.TestUserSchema.MessagePayload.Create
generating module Elixir.TimerSchema.MessagePayload.Deactivate
generating module Elixir.TestUserSchema.MessagePayload.Deactivate
generating module Elixir.TestUserSchema.MessagePayload.Delete
generating module Elixir.TimerSchema.MessagePayload.Delete
generating module Elixir.TestUserSchema.MessagePayload.InfoDeleted
generating module Elixir.TimerSchema.MessagePayload.DpWrite
generating module Elixir.TestUserSchema.MessagePayload.DpWrite
generating module Elixir.TimerSchema.MessagePayload.Error
generating module Elixir.TestUserSchema.MessagePayload.DpWrite
generating module Elixir.TimerSchema.MessagePayload.GetAllStates
generating module Elixir.TestUserSchema.MessagePayload.Error
generating module Elixir.TimerSchema.MessagePayload.GetState
generating module Elixir.TestUserSchema.MessagePayload.GetAllStates
generating module Elixir.TimerSchema.MessagePayload.InfoState
generating module Elixir.TestUserSchema.MessagePayload.GetState
generating module Elixir.TimerSchema.MessagePayload.Update
generating module Elixir.TestUserSchema.MessagePayload.InfoState
generating module Elixir.TestUserSchema.MessagePayload.Update
warning: redefining module TestUserSchema.MessagePayload.DpWrite (current version loaded from _build/test/lib/timer/ebin/Elixir.TestUserSchema.MessagePayload.DpWrite.beam)
└─ test/support/test_user_schema.ex: TestUserSchema.MessagePayload.DpWrite (module)